The course will be divided up into four lessons;
understanding data, data issues,
data formatting, and data blending.
First, we need to get an understanding of the various types of data out
there and why it's important to have your data formatted correctly.
Second, we'll look at problems we may encounter when working with data.
You may have dirty data, missing values,
or even outliers which are values that are way different from the majority of the data.
We'll learn how to identify these issues and what to do about them.
Third, we'll look at different methods we can use to format our data,
so it's most useful.
Often, we don't get data exactly in the format that we
need to use and we might need to reorganize it.
We'll address how to do that in this section.
Lastly, we'll look at blending data together from disparate data sets as we
will rarely have all the data we need for our analysis in one file.
At the end of the course,
you'll have gained an understanding in how to build
a great analytic dataset and along the way,
have picked up the skills and all tricks to do so.
However, the principles you'll be learning here
apply beyond to just using Alteryx software.
You'll be learning skills that you can apply to whatever analytic software you choose.
Along the way, we'll demonstrate how Alteryx can
be used to perform many different operations.
There are tons of Alteryx training resources you can use outside of
this course to help you get up to speed if you're struggling or just want to learn more.
You can find a link in the area below the video.